I’ve been having abdominal pain for about a week, and it still hasn’t gone away. : 4
My three year old accidentally had 2-3 tablets of Celesta. : 4
I’ve been having horrible abdominal pain; not sure if it’s related to the new medication I’ve started for diabetes. : 4
I’m having pain in the upper right part of my stomach after my gastric bypass surgery. I feel extremely nauseous. : 3
I feel like I’m always short of breath. It feels really hard to breathe. : 2
I keep passing in and out of consciousness. Sometimes I see stars, and I’ve recently begun craving ice. : 3
There’s a lot of ringing in my left ear, and it won’t go away for long periods of time. : 2
My two year old might have tried to eat the ant bait!! What if she’s poisoned? : 4
There’s a new sore on my right foot; it’s really red and swollen. : 1 
I’m coughing up blood and phlegm together. : 5
I just shit blood, and it’s definitely not my period. : 4
I just peed blood, and I was recently diagnosed with prostate cancer. :  2 
I spilled hot oil on my arm, and the skin has started to blister. : 4
There’s a giant painful pimple on my left butt cheek. : 1
I have pain in my abdomen, cramping, and a lot of diarrhea. : 3
I have a lot of chest pain, and I can’t breathe properly. : 3
I accidentally cut my arm open, and it won’t stop bleeding. : 4
I’ve had a persistent stuffy nose, but I haven’t had a fever. : 1
My five-month old has had a cold, cough, and runny nose for 2 days. She didn’t have a fever, and she eats, but keeps spitting up. : 4
My two-month old has had a stuffy nose for 1 week, and she’s had a fever for 2 days. : 3
I keep having chest pain in the middle of the night. : 2
I have a pressure-type dull ache in my chest right above my heart, and I feel like I’m running out of breath. It’s worse whenever I’m stressed. I haven’t even exercised too much. : 2
I have really weak knees, and I’ve had blood in my urine for a while. : 3
I can’t stop myself from smoking. : 1
I have recurrent ulcers in my right leg. I’m not sure if it has anything to do with my recent diagnosis of high blood pressure. : 2
I might have lost consciousness. Not sure if it was because of a seizure episode. : 4
I’ve had a general body aches, and I keep coughing. I also have had a lot of pain in the right side of my abdomen for about two days. : 2
I accidentally stepped on a piece of glass with my right foot, and there’s a huge cut. : 4
Please help me get over my heroin addiction. : 1
My grandma is always really tired, and can’t get out of bed. She’s become so skinny, it’s concerning. She also has a burning sensation whenever she pees. : 2
I’m constantly constipated, and my rectum hurts. : 2
My one year old has been coughing for a week, and she snores whenever she’s sleeping. : 3
I feel like I’m always short of breath. : 3
I’ve had nausea and have been vomiting for 4 to 5 months, and it just has not stopped. : 5
I have constant migraines. : 2
I have a high fever, and it’s so difficult to breathe. My heart feels like it’s going a mile a minute.  : 5
My neighbor’s dog bit my right leg, and I’m worried it might get infected. : 3
I think I took too many ecstasy pills? I was out last night, and my friends kept handing me pills. : 3
I accidentally banged my left elbow really hard against the door a few days ago, but the pain is not going away. : 3
I was recently diagnosed with a UTI, but now I have a fever. : 1
My grandmother accidentally fell while walking at home. : 3
I was running to catch a taxi, and I ended up face planting and scarring my face. : 2
I feel really dizzy all the time.  : 2
I accidentally got a splinter in my fingernail, and I tried to get it out with tweezers, but I couldn’t. : 1
My joints seem to ache all the time. : 2
My 18-month old has been having a fever for the past five days. He recently started teething, and he has a runny nose. : 4
I think I accidentally fell asleep with my contacts on, and now I can’t find one of them. : 1
My two-year old has a stuffy nose and complains about how her head hurts. : 1
My daughter’s ear keeps hurting, and I don’t know why. : 1
I’ve had headaches, neck pain, and lower back pain for the last 2-3 weeks. : 2
I feel like I’m always short of breath, and I’m always wheezing. I feel very fatigued. : 3
I’m having a lot of pain in the left side of my chest, about a week after my abdominal surgery. : 4 
I have a temperature of 104, ever since my hip has started hurting. : 4
My right hand and left foot have uncontrollably swollen. I used to have chronic kidney disease. : 3
My abdomen hurts. I also am vomiting. My stomach hurts constantly every half an hour. : 3
My chest hurts. I drank a lot last night, and I feel nauseous. : 2
I was passed out. Now I am having trouble breathing. : 3
I just had an emotionally-charged fight with my boyfriend, and now I am having really bad chest pains. : 1
My toes are numb and are tingling. The pain is not too severe. : 1
The entire right side of my face is drooping. : 2
I have high blood pressure, and my blood pressure is slightly higher than normal. My family has a history of high blood pressure and strokes. : 3
I am diabetic and have low blood pressure. : 3
I have uterine cancer, and I am experiencing a lot of pain in my left leg right now. : 2
I am feeling very weak and have lost 15 pounds in the last month. : 3
I have an upper respiratory tract infection. I have a lot of yellow phlegm when I cough, and the phlegm feels like it is in my chest. I am 50 years old. : 2
I have been having pain in my chest for 7-8 days. : 2
I fell off my bicycle a few hours ago and I was not wearing a helmet. I lost consciousness for some time and I now have a lot of neck pain. : 3
My 3-year old ingested 2 to 3 tablets of Celesta. : 4
I have very bad chest pain because I had a heart attack. : 5
I have a stuffy nose. : 1
I have constipation. : 1 
I am feeling agitated, and I think I ate something poisonous. : 1
I am feeling very faint, and I think I am about to collapse. : 3
I have a contact lens stuck in my eye, and I cannot find it. : 1
I feel dizzy and am having trouble seeing. : 2
I am severely allergic to peanuts and I just ate some accidentally. My face is feeling itchy and I am having trouble breathing. : 3
I have a very high temperature, and think that I have the flu. : 2
I think I have fractured my ankle. : 3